the Peugeot 508 is watching in the combo version
clearly better than in the sedan version
the station wagon is called the Peugeot she's called out under his body
a font
the roof slopes down and the side windows are very low
The interior offers an atmosphere of intimacy and security
There is a pleasant fluffy cath
the view of the purist instruments is free
the driver escaped because of the bad and circumspection
the body is very confusing the means are supposed to be
Bridge pier and the number of buttons does not confuse most Dante
second hand
in the front you sit that as the rear kick off weight it was sufficient but the
Back seat is not deep enough
but the width of the bank is not the same
generous is the trunk
the tailgate swings up Saturday
the rear wall also unlocks from the load compartment and the storage volume grows from
560 liters to about 1000 600 liters
Genet 70 kilo no driver to shop
This is not enough for a full-blown station wagon
the two-liter diesel engine reveals a good refinement in just ten
Seconds you accelerated from zero to a hundred hair came
maximum now reached a 12 chamber
The turbocharger offers a torque of 320 Newton meters and a hundred 40 hp
Unfortunately, you can use the two switching stages five and six in German
City traffic hardly used the fifth silt of the car since 60 Haag came close
above idle speed there
Conclusion of the Peugeot 508 SW is processed high quality offers plenty of space for
Passengers and luggage
and has a too strong modernization course
Negatively noticed are the confusing body
the limited payload and the too long translated Oberon gears